SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT - JMIX STUDIO AND ADD-ONS

   PLEASE READ CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE

   INTRODUCTION:

   This software License agreement ("License", or “Agreement”, or
   “License Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you
   ("Licensee" or "you") and Haulmont Technology Limited
   registered in England and Wales with company number 06657184
   whose registered office is at 16 Great Queen Street, Covent
   Garden, London, United Kingdom, WC2B 5AH ("Haulmont").

   By entering into this Agreement, the Licensee acknowledges that
   the Licensee is the End User of the Software, as defined in the
   terms of this Agreement, and that the Licensee will be the End
   User of the Software throughout the term of the Permit granted
   to the Licensee under this Agreement. Permit for using of the
   Software by End User (“Permit”) shall be solely granted to such
   End User in the manner and subject to the terms and conditions
   provided in this Agreement. Haulmont reserves all rights with
   respect to the granting of rights to use the Software and with
   respect to the protection of its rights in the event of any
   infringement by any Person.

   If the Permit is not obtained directly from Haulmont, but from
   its partner or a reseller authorized by Haulmont, this
   Agreement shall be deemed to be entered into directly between
   the Licensee and Haulmont, which shall become parties to this
   Agreement as of the Commencement Date. At the same time,
   certain rights and powers under this Agreement may be exercised
   by the respective partner / authorized reseller from whom the
   Licensee has acquired the Permit, in accordance with the
   relevant bilateral agreements between such partner / authorized
   reseller and Haulmont. The list of Haulmont’s partners and
   authorized resellers is available at jmix.io/partners.

   IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL USERS:
     * BY TICKING THE ACCEPTANCE "TICKBOX" AND DOWNLOADING OR
       USING THE SOFTWARE YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE
       WHICH WILL BIND YOU AND YOUR EMPLOYEES (IF ANY).
     * BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND
       ACCEPT THAT THIS IS A "BUSINESS-TO-BUSINESS" LICENSE
       AGREEMENT FOR THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE (I.E. BY INDIVIDUALS
       OR CORPORATE ENTITIES) FOR BUSINESS/PROFESSIONAL PURPOSES.
       YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND ACCEPT THAT THIS IS NOT A
       BUSINESS-TO-CONSUMER LICENSE AGREEMENT. YOU ACCEPT THAT YOU
       MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE FOR
       NON-BUSINESS/PROFESSIONAL/TRADE (I.E. CONSUMER) PURPOSES.
     * IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, HAULMONT
       WILL NOT PERMIT THE SOFTWARE TO YOU. UNLESS YOU AGREE TO
       THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE
       SOFTWARE.

   BACKGROUND:

   Haulmont is willing to grant the Licensee (and the Licensee is
   willing to accept) a Permit to use the Software on the terms
   and conditions set out in this License.

   AGREED TERMS:

   1. Interpretation

   1.1. The definitions and rules of interpretation in this clause
   apply in this License, including the Introduction and the
   Background.

   Add-ons Repository

   a repository or repositories, maintained by Haulmont, where
   Jmix Add-ons are stored/accessed in the form of binary files
   and/or source code.

   Affiliate

   any business entity from time to time controlling, controlled
   by, or under common control with, either party.

   Business Day

   a day other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday in
   England when the banks in London are open for business.

   Commencement Date

   the date that the Licensee downloads or installs the Software,
   or purchases a License Key, whichever is earlier.

   Derived Software

   any software program that refers to, depends on, incorporates
   or is based on all or part of Jmix Add-ons, whether explicitly
   or implicitly and whether or not in combination with other
   libraries, frameworks or components other than Jmix, Jmix
   Studio.

   End User

   means a Person that uses the Software solely for its own
   internal use and does not intend to resell the Software or
   transfer the rights to use the Software to any third party.

   Fork

   a modification of any Third-Party Library.

   Intellectual Property Rights

   all patents, utility models, rights to inventions, copyright
   and related rights, trademarks and service marks, trade names,
   business names and domain names, rights in get-up, goodwill and
   the right to sue for passing off or unfair competition, rights
   in designs, rights in computer software, database rights,
   topography rights, moral rights, rights in the confidential
   information (including know-how and trade secrets) and any
   other intellectual property rights, in each case whether
   registered or unregistered and including all applications for
   and renewals or extensions of such rights, and all similar or
   equivalent rights or forms of protection which subsist or will
   subsist, now or in the future, in any part of the world.

   Jmix

   the computer software developed and owned by Haulmont and/or
   its licensors, the specification of which is available at the
   domain name address [6]docs.jmix.io. Jmix is aimed at software
   developers and provides them with a number of tools and
   libraries (comprising pre-built functions, components and data
   structures in the form of pre-written source code), that speed
   up software development. Jmix is an open-source software
   distributed and licensed pursuant to the terms of the Apache
   2.0 License published at
   [7]www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. It is not 'Software',
   as defined in this License.

      [6] https://docs.jmix.io/jmix/intro.html
      [7] https://apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Jmix Add-ons

   the collection of software components, developed and/or owned
   by Haulmont and/or its licensors, which provide additional
   functionality to Jmix. The description of Jmix Add-ons is
   available at [8]www.jmix.io/marketplace. Jmix Add-ons are
   supplemental to Jmix (and are licensed separately, pursuant to
   this License). Components, published at
   [9]www.jmix.io/marketplace and marked as FREE are not
   considered Jmix Add-ons for the purpose of this License
   Agreement and are licensed separately on the terms of their
   respective licenses.

      [8] https://www.jmix.io/marketplace/
      [9] https://www.jmix.io/marketplace/

   Jmix Studio

   the computer software developed and owned by Haulmont and/or
   its licensors, known as Jmix Studio, which is available for
   download at the Site. Jmix Studio is supplemental software to
   Jmix. Jmix Studio is an integrated development environment
   (IDE) intended for developing software applications using Jmix.

   License Fee

   the periodic license fee payable by Licensees in respect of
   each License Key.

   License Key

   a unique identifier code provided to the Licensee by Haulmont
   (i.e. following receipt of payment (in full) in accordance with
   clause 4), which (depending on whether you have subscribed for
   Jmix Studio and/or Jmix Add-ons) is used to access Jmix Add-ons
   and/or Jmix Studio. The License Key must be input into the
   license information form of Jmix Studio, according to the
   instructions, available on the Site.

   Package

   means a set of computer software products provided under the
   Subscription Plan, and includes Software (Jmis Studio, Jmix
   Add-ons, etc.) and / or free soft-ware products (Jmix, etc.) or
   any combination thereof.

   Person

   means (i) an individual (a natural person) or (ii) an
   organization, i.e. legal enti-ties, corporations, companies,
   etc., or (iii) a structure without the formation of a legal
   entity such as foundations, partnerships, trusts, etc.
   including their repre-sentatives, successors and permitted
   assigns.

   Site

   the website available at the domain name address
   [10]www.jmix.io.

     [10] https://www.jmix.io/

   Software

   means Jmix Studio and Jmix Add-ons in the version and packaging
   selected by the Licensee, and additional programs if specified
   in the Permit as part of the Software, for which the Licensee
   is granted the rights to use in respect of.

   Subscription Plan

   a subset of Jmix Studio and/or Jmix Add-ons distinguished by
   the proposed use for which the Permit is granted for a
   specified period of time, subject to pay-ment of the applicable
   License Fee.

   Third Party Libraries

   has the meaning given at clause 9.1

   Third Party Terms

   has the meaning given at clause 9.1

   Validity Period

   the time period, specified for each License Key, during which
   the Licensee may access (as relevant) Jmix Add-ons and/or Jmix
   Studio.

   1.2. Clause headings shall not affect the interpretation of
   this License. References to clauses are to the clauses of this
   License.

   1.3. Unless the context otherwise requires:
     * 1.3.1. words in the singular shall include the plural and
       in the plural shall include the singular;
     * 1.3.2. a reference to a statute or statutory provision is a
       reference to it as amended, extended or re-enacted from
       time to time;
     * 1.3.3. a reference to writing or written includes emails;
     * 1.3.4. a reference to one gender shall include a reference
       to the other genders; and
     * 1.3.5. any words following the terms including, include, in
       particular, for example or any similar expression shall be
       construed as illustrative and shall not limit the sense of
       the words, description, definition, phrase or term
       preceding those terms.

   2. Permit

   2.1. In consideration of the Licensee agreeing to (and on the
   condition that the Licensee does throughout the term of this
   License) abide by the terms of this License, Haulmont grants to
   the Licensee a Permit (as further prescribed below) from the
   Commencement Date to use the Software in any country of the
   world on the terms of this License.

   2.2. Haulmont gives no assurance that it will issue new
   versions of the Software at any particular time or at all, nor
   that Haulmont or its licensors will support the Software for
   any particular length of time or at all

   2.3. Haulmont reserves the right to suspend (temporarily or
   permanently) a License Key if Haulmont reasonably believes that
   the Licensee's use of the Software violates clause 3.5.

   2.4. In case if Licensee makes payment for a commercial
   Subscription Plan, Haulmont may state publicly (e.g. on its
   website and/or in promotional/marketing literature) that the
   Licensee has purchased the Software, and may use Licensee's
   name and logo in Haulmont's public statements referencing the
   Licensee's use of the Software.

   3. Terms of use of the Software

   3.1. Haulmont grants to the Licensee a non-exclusive,
   non-transferable Permit to use the Software in any country of
   the world on the terms of this License.

   3.2. The Licensee is provided with a Permit of using a Package
   in accordance with a Subscription Plan, which they choose at
   their own discretion from the options presented at
   [11]https://www.jmix.io/subscription-plans-and-prices/. The
   Licensee may select a free of charge Package if it is available
   in accordance with the corresponding Subscription Plan. The
   Licensee receives only the Software that is specified in the
   Subscription Plan description and may not change the set
   (reduce, increase, modify) on their own, but the Licensee has
   the right to switch or modify a Subscription Plan if such
   option is provided by Haulmont.

     [11] https://www.jmix.io/subscription-plans-and-prices

   3.3. Regardless of the Subscription Plan selected, the Licensee
   receives the following rights only:
     * 3.3.1. download the Software from the Site and install it
       on their equipment;
     * 3.3.2. use the Software to create or develop other software
       and/or for educational, instructional and/or demonstration
       purposes;
     * 3.3.3. receive any updates issued concerning the Software
       included in Licensee's selected Subscription Plan, and/or
       download previous versions of that Software. Updates may be
       released from time to time by Haulmont and/or its licensors
       at their sole discretion;
     * 3.3.4. create one copy of the Software for backup or
       recovery in case of loss.

   3.4. To use Jmix Add-ons, the Licensee obtains additional
   rights to those specified above, namely:
     * 3.4.1. create, edit or compile source code or programs that
       relate to, depend on, include or are based on all or any
       part of the Jmix Add-ons, explicitly or implicitly, and in
       combination with other libraries, frameworks or other
       components;
     * 3.4.2. check, adapt, decompile, fix bugs, or modify all or
       any part of the source code available through Jmix Add-ons.
     * 3.4.3. distribute Jmix Add-ons in compiled form, without
       source code and only as part of software products,
       developed with Jmix, for the purpose of keeping such
       products operational.

   3.5. The Licensee is unconditionally prohibited from:
     * 3.5.1. allow more than one concurrent user to access and/or
       use the Software for each License Key;
     * 3.5.2. use the License Key to access the Software if the
       License Key has expired;
     * 3.5.3. rent, reprocess, distribute, sell, sublicense, or
       transfer the Software, except as permitted by this License
       Agreement;
     * 3.5.4. provide any License Key to any Person other than
       Licensee's officers, directors and/or employees to access
       the Software in accordance with the terms of this License;
     * 3.5.5. adapt, modify, decompile, disassemble, reverse
       engineer, or make any other attempt to discover the source
       code of the Software (in whole or in part), except as
       permitted by law or this License Agreement;
     * 3.5.6. remove, alter or conceal any proprietary or other
       Haulmont notices contained in the Software.

   3.6. If, under the terms of the Subscription Plan, a Package is
   provided free of charge, the Licensee has the right to use that
   Package without time limit. If the Subscription Plan provides
   for License Fee for the use of the Package, the Licensee has
   the right to use such Package during the relevant Validity
   Period. After the Validity Period has expired, the Licensee may
   continue using the versions of Jmix Add-ons, downloaded during
   (but not after) the Validity Period, on the terms of this
   License.

   4. Price and Payment of the License Fee

   4.1. The Software License Fee is payable for each License Key
   requested by the Licensee. For purchases from Haulmont, the
   price shall be set out in the selected Subscription Plan price
   list available on the Site, calculated as the date each License
   Key is being purchased. Payment for the License Key is in
   advance. Haulmont will send the License Key electronically to
   the Licensee within 2 Business Days after payment of the
   Software License Fee has been received into Haulmont’s
   nominated bank account. In case of card payments via the Site,
   the License Key will be provided immediately after the
   purchase.

   4.2. The Licensee may purchase a modification to an existing
   License Key via the Site, such modifications may comprise for
   example, access to additional components, or the extension of
   the Validity Period. Upon receipt of the Licensee's request
   (i.e. via the Site) for a modification to an existing License
   Key, Haulmont can, at its sole and absolute discretion, either
   apply new parameters to the Licensee's existing License Key, or
   issue a new License Key to the Licensee. The price for such
   modification shall be as set out on the Site from time to time
   ("Modification Fee"). Haulmont will confirm the modification of
   the existing License Key to the Licensee or issue a new License
   Key to the Licensee (as the case may be) within 2 Business Days
   after payment of the Modification Fee (in full and clear funds)
   has been received into Haulmont's bank account.

   5. Warranty

   5.1. Haulmont warrants that during the Validity Period, the
   Software will conform in all material respects to the
   specification and documentation in respect of the Software
   shown on the Site (at [12]docs.jmix.io/ ).

     [12] https://docs.jmix.io/jmix/intro.html

   5.2. Subject to clause 5.3, if during the Validity Period, the
   Licensee gives notice in writing to Haulmont within a
   reasonable time of discovery that the Software does not comply
   with the warranty set out at clause 5.1 and, having had a
   reasonable opportunity to examine the Software, Haulmont agrees
   with the Licensee that the Software does not comply, the
   Licensee's sole and exclusive remedy shall be that Haulmont
   will (at its sole discretion and cost):
     * 5.2.1. issue a revised version of the Software to the
       Licensee in which the non-compliance shall have been
       remedied (free of charge); or
     * 5.2.2. refund the total License Fees for that Software paid
       by the Licensee in the 12 months immediately prior to
       Haulmont's receipt of a written notice pursuant to this
       clause 5.2, following which, this License shall terminate.

   5.3. Haulmont shall not be liable for the Software's failure to
   comply with the warranty set out in clause in any of the
   following events:
     * 5.3.1. the defect arises because the Licensee failed to
       follow Haulmont's oral or written instructions as to the
       commissioning, installation and/or use of the Software or
       (if there are none) good trade practice regarding the same;
     * 5.3.2. the Licensee (or someone on its behalf) alters or
       repairs the Software (or attempts to do so) without
       Haulmont's written consent;
     * 5.3.3. the defect arises as a result of the use of the
       Software in combination with any other software not
       provided by Haulmont.

   5.4. Except at provided in this clause 5, the Software (and any
   Third-Party Libraries and Forks distributed with it) is
   provided "as is" without any warranties, representations and/or
   assurances in respect of it. Save as provided in clauses 5.1,
   all such warranties, conditions, representations, assurances or
   other terms which might have effect between the parties or be
   implied or incorporated into this License or any collateral
   contract, whether by statute, common law or otherwise, are
   hereby excluded to the fullest extent permitted by law,
   including any implied conditions, warranties or other terms as
   to satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose or the use of
   reasonable skill and care.

   6. Limitation of Liability

   6.1. This clause Limitation of Liability sets out the entire
   liability of Haulmont to the Licensee in respect of:
     * 6.1.1. any breach of this License, howsoever arising;
     * 6.1.2. any use made of the Software (or any part of it);
     * 6.1.3. any representation, statement or tortious act or
       omission (including negligence) arising under or in
       connection with this License; and
     * 6.1.4. any other liability (including non-contractual)
       howsoever arising under any legal theory whatsoever,
       arising under or in connection with this License.

   6.2. Haulmont shall not under any circumstances whatsoever be
   liable to the Licensee, whether in contract, tort (including
   negligence) or restitution, or for breach of statutory duty or
   misrepresentation, and/or otherwise howsoever arising under any
   legal theory whatsoever, for any of the following losses (in
   each case, whether direct or indirect):
     * 6.2.1. loss of profit or revenue;
     * 6.2.2. loss of reputation or depletion of goodwill;
     * 6.2.3. loss of business;
     * 6.2.4. loss of contracts or loss of business opportunity;
     * 6.2.5. loss of anticipated saving;
     * 6.2.6. payments (e.g. penalties) due to be paid/paid to any
       third party under any contract or arrangement;
     * 6.2.7. wasted management and/or staff time and/or office
       time;
     * 6.2.8. loss or corruption of data, information or software;
     * 6.2.9. damage to property (e.g. computer hardware, other
       software or IT systems),

   nor any special, indirect, or consequential loss, cost, damage,
   charge or expense suffered by the Licensee that arises under or
   in connection with this License.

   6.3. Haulmont's total liability to the Licensee, whether in
   contract, tort (including negligence) or restitution, or for
   breach of statutory duty or for misrepresentation and/or
   otherwise howsoever arising under any legal theory whatsoever,
   shall be limited to the total fees paid by Licensee to Haulmont
   for its use of the Software within the 12 month period prior to
   the event giving rise to the liability, or $50 000 (fifty
   thousand) USD, whichever is greater.

   6.4. All references to Haulmont in this clause 6 shall, for the
   purposes of this clause 6 only, be treated as including all
   employees, subcontractors, agents and suppliers of Haulmont and
   its Affiliates, all of whom shall have the benefit of the
   exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this clause.

   7. Intellectual property rights

   7.1. The Licensee acknowledges that all Intellectual Property
   Rights in the Software belong to Haulmont or its licensors, and
   the Licensee shall have no rights in the Software other than
   the right to use them in accordance with the terms of this
   License.

   7.2. So far as Haulmont is aware at the Commencement Date, the
   Software (nor any part thereof) does not infringe the
   Intellectual Property Rights of any Person.

   8. Monitoring of the Licensee's use of the Software

   From time to time the Software may communicate certain
   information to Haulmont's servers for the sole purpose of
   allowing Haulmont to monitor the Licensee's compliance with
   clauses 3. The information communicated will comprise the
   License Key number, a unique hash code that identifies the
   Licensee's computer environment (but which does not allow
   Haulmont to access any other information about the Licensee's
   environment) and the IP address of the device on which the
   Software is installed. For the avoidance of doubt, all
   information communicated to Haulmont pursuant this clause will
   be anonymous and will not constitute "personal data" as that
   term is defined in section 1(1) of the Data Protection Act
   1998.

   9. Third party software

   9.1. The Software uses and is distributed with third-party
   software libraries ("Third Party Libraries"). This License
   complies with the terms on which the Third-Party Libraries are
   licensed to Haulmont ("Third Party Terms") and Haulmont is
   permitted to sub-license the Third-Party Libraries to the
   Licensee, provided that the Licensee complies with Third Party
   Terms. Further information on Third Party Libraries
   used/distributed with the latest versions of the Software and
   Third-Party Terms is provided on the Site (at
   jmix.io/studio-third-party-libs). The Licensee acknowledges and
   accepts that their use of the Software is subject to the
   Third-Party Terms. The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that
   Haulmont shall have no liability whatsoever for any
   unauthorized, illegal or unlawful use of any Third-Party
   Libraries by the Licensee.

   9.2. All Forks used in and distributed with the Software are
   sub-licensed to the Licensee on the same Third-Party Terms as
   the corresponding Third-Party Library modified by the relevant
   Forks.

   10. Duration and termination

   10.1. The Licensee may terminate this License at any time and
   with immediate effect by permanently deleting all copies of the
   Software from its systems.

   10.2. Without affecting any other right or remedy available to
   it, Haulmont may terminate this License with immediate effect
   by giving written notice to the Licensee if the Licensee
   breaches any part of clause 3.5.

   10.3. Without affecting any other right or remedy available to
   it, either party may terminate this License with immediate
   effect by giving written notice to the other party if:
     * 10.3.1. the other party commits a material breach of any
       term of this License which breach is irremediable or (if
       such breach is remediable) fails to remedy that breach
       within a period of 14 days after being notified in writing
       to do so;
     * 10.3.2. the other party repeatedly breaches the terms of
       this License in such a manner as to reasonably justify the
       opinion that its conduct is inconsistent with it having the
       intention or ability to give effect to the terms of this
       License;
     * 10.3.3. the other party suspends or ceases, or threatens to
       suspend or cease, carrying on all or a substantial part of
       its business.

   10.4. This clause 10 and the following clauses shall continue
   in full force and effect upon expiry or termination of this
   License: clause 1 (Definitions and interpretation); clause 3
   (Terms of use of the Software); clause 5.4 (No Warranty);
   clause 6 (Limitation of Liability); clause 7.1 (Intellectual
   Property Rights); clause 11 (Sub-licensing, assignment and
   other dealings); clause 12 (Waiver); clause 13 (Entire
   agreement); clause 14 (Variation); clause 15 (Severance);
   clause 16 (Third-party rights); clause 19 (Notices); and clause
   20 (Governing law and arbitration).

   10.5. Termination or expiry of this License shall not affect
   any rights, remedies, obligations or liabilities of the parties
   that have accrued up to the date of termination or expiry,
   including the right to claim damages in respect of any breach
   of the License which existed at or before the date of
   termination or expiry.

   10.6. On termination for any reason:
     * 10.6.1. all rights granted to the Licensee under this
       License shall cease;
     * 10.6.2. the Licensee shall cease all activities authorized
       by this License;
     * 10.6.3. the Licensee shall immediately destroy or return to
       Haulmont (at its option) all copies of the Software then in
       its possession, custody or control and, in the case of
       destruction, certify to Haulmont (at its request) that it
       has done so.

   11. Sub-licensing, assignment and other dealings

   11.1. The Licensee shall not:
     * 11.1.1. sub-license, assign, novate, transfer, mortgage,
       charge or deal in any manner with any or all of its rights
       and obligations under this License in whole or in part; and
     * 11.1.2. allow the Software to become the subject of any
       charge, lien or encumbrance

   without the prior written consent of Haulmont.

   11.2. Haulmont may at any time sub-license, assign, novate,
   transfer, mortgage, charge or deal in any other manner with any
   or all of its rights or obligations under this License.

   12. Waiver

   No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right or remedy
   provided under this License or by law shall constitute a waiver
   of that or any other right or remedy, nor shall it prevent or
   restrict the further exercise of that or any other right or
   remedy. No single or partial exercise of such right or remedy
   shall prevent or restrict the further exercise of that or any
   other right or remedy.

   13. Entire agreement

   13.1. This License constitutes the entire agreement between the
   parties and supersedes all previous agreements between the
   parties relating to the subject matter of this License.

   13.2. Each party acknowledges that, in entering into this
   License, it has not relied on, and shall have no right or
   remedy in respect of, any statement, representation, assurance
   or warranty (whether made negligently or innocently) other than
   as expressly set out in this License. Each party agrees that
   its only liability in respect of those representations and
   warranties that are set out in this License (whether made
   innocently or negligently) shall be for breach of contract.

   13.3. Nothing in this clause shall limit or exclude any
   liability for fraud.

   14. Variation

   No variation of this License shall be effective unless it is in
   writing and signed by the parties (or their authorized
   representatives).

   15. Severance

   If any provision or part-provision of this License is or
   becomes invalid, illegal or unenforceable, it shall be deemed
   modified to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid,
   legal and enforceable. If such modification is not possible,
   the relevant provision or part-provision shall be deemed
   deleted. Any modification to or deletion of a provision or
   part-provision under this clause shall not affect the validity
   and enforceability of the rest of this License.

   16. Third-party rights

   Subject to clause 6.4, a Person who is not a party to this
   License shall not have any rights under the Contracts (Rights
   of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of this License.

   17. No partnership or agency

   17.1. Nothing in this License is intended to, or shall be
   deemed to, establish any partnership or joint venture between
   any of the parties, constitute any party the agent of another
   party, or authorize any party to make or enter into any
   commitments for or on behalf of any other party.

   17.2. Each party confirms it is acting on its own behalf and
   not for the benefit of any other Person.

   18. Force majeure

   Neither party shall be in breach of this License nor liable for
   delay in performing, or failure to perform, any of its
   obligations under this License if such delay or failure result
   from events, circumstances or causes beyond its reasonable
   control. In such circumstances the time for performance shall
   be extended by a period equivalent to the period during which
   performance of the obligation has been delayed or failed to be
   performed. If the period of delay or non-performance continues
   for one month, either party may terminate this License by
   giving 14 days' written notice to the other party.

   19. Notices

   19.1. Any notice given to a party under or in connection with
   this License shall be in writing and shall be:
     * 19.1.1. delivered by hand or by pre-paid first-class post
       or other next working day delivery service at its
       registered office (if a company) or its principal place of
       business (in any other case) or (in respect of the
       Licensee) to the address provided by the Licensee when it
       registered to download the Software; or
     * 19.1.2. sent by fax to its main fax number.

   19.2. Any notice shall be deemed to have been received:
     * 19.2.1. if delivered by hand, on signature of a delivery
       receipt;
     * 19.2.2. if sent by pre-paid first-class post or other next
       working day delivery service, at 9.00 am on the second
       Business Day after posting or at the time recorded by the
       delivery service.
     * 19.2.3. if sent by fax, at 9.00 am on the next Business Day
       after transmission.

   19.3. This clause does not apply to the service of any
   proceedings or other documents in any legal action or, where
   applicable, any arbitration or other method of dispute
   resolution. For the avoidance of doubt, "writing" shall not
   include e-mail for the purposes of this clause.

   20. Governing law and arbitration

   20.1. Any relationships between the Parties to this License,
   including those related to its conclusion, existence, validity,
   interpretation, execution, breach, refusal to perform, or
   termination shall be governed by the UNIDROIT Principles of
   International Commercial Contracts (2016) and, with respect to
   issues not covered by such Principles, by the law of England
   and Wales.

   20.2. In case of any inconsistency between the provisions of
   the UNIDROIT Principles and this License, this License shall
   prevail.

   20.3. The Parties irrevocably agree that any dispute,
   controversy or claim arising out of or in connection with this
   License, including any question regarding its conclusion,
   existence, validity, interpretation, execution, breach, refusal
   to perform, or termination, and including non-contractual
   disputes or claims, shall be referred to and finally resolved
   by the London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA Court)
   under the LCIA Rules, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated
   by reference into this clause. The number of arbitrators shall
   be one. The seat, or legal place, of arbitration shall be the
   city of London, the United Kingdom. The language to be used in
   the arbitral proceedings shall be English. Judgment upon the
   award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered by any court
   having jurisdiction thereof.


   Last updated: 21 December 2021
   
