   Innovative Disaster Management by Consorzio Metis
     * Digital disaster management from scratch
     * 12 man-months spent
     * Rich functionality

The Story

   Consorzio Metis is an Italian custom software development and
   IT consulting company which works with public authorities and
   non-profit organizations. Consorzio Metis got a task to build a
   solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing the
   damage control in the Tuscany region. This system should help
   volunteers to resolve emergency situations. Due to a tight time
   frame and limited human resources, the company required a
   flexible tool with out-of-the-box features.

   In 2015, after research, Consorzio Metis started to use Jmix
   (ex-CUBA Platform). It was chosen for its comprehensive stack
   of popular technologies and low entry barrier. CUBA had the
   corresponding functionality and boosted the development
   process.

   The created solution is called SOUP_RT (Sala Operativa
   Unificata Permanente Regione Toscana), which means a unified
   24/7 operation centre, Tuscany region. The system is used to
   prevent and eliminate natural disasters’ consequences. The SOUP
   system has a rich, modern and user-friendly interface. It took
   about 12 man-months to develop its current functionality. CUBA
   helped to save much time and effort by providing fast
   scaffolding and topography analysis via the Maps add-on.

Comprehensive Digital Transformation for Helping People

   Consorzio Metis provides solutions for the healthcare and civil
   protection industries. The company has been on the Italian
   market since 2000.

   The current project Consorzio Metis develops on Jmix is a
   solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing damage
   control - the above-mentioned SOUP_RT. It already operates in
   the Tuscany region, helping volunteers to resolve emergency
   situations.

   SOUP performs weather analysis, resources management (including
   human resources), natural disaster alerts and communication
   with organizations responsible for civil protection
   (firefighters, government, etc). For example, the service is
   collaborating with the Italian National Fire Brigade and
   non-profit organizations.

   The Consorzio Metis team implemented the following features:
     * remote weather control of the territory (hydrology,
       seismic, snow survey) integrated with the Functional
       Regional Centre;
     * databases necessary for the management of any emergencies;
     * disaster alerts processing with a video conference system
       used for connections with the Department of Civil
       Protection;
     * visual representation of the weather events on the map with
       the events’ type, date, location;
     * customized maps with various layers, displaying weather
       conditions and resources locations;
     * volunteers assignment and transfer organization;
     * advanced role-based access (roles are grouped; users can
       have profiles with several role types);
     * resources control.

   Jmix helped Consorzio Metis to cover all the technologies
   necessary for the project and allowed a simpler and faster
   development process. Even developers with little experience
   could complete advanced tasks with the help of the framework.

   Consorzio Metis is planning to extend the system functionality.
   The nearest tasks include lots of integrations for implementing
   the firefighting management.

   Customer Stories
   Utilities

   Varasset Migrates from Legacy to Modern Open-source Stack in 8
   Months
   A configurable software solution for the power and
   communications industries.
   Learn more
    
   Professional Services
  
   Innovative Disaster Management by Consorzio Metis
   A solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing the
   damage control.
  
   BFSI
  
   Ingenico connects Jira with the legacy project management
   system by the Pipe in 3 months
   A comprehensive task management environment for a global leader
   in secure electronic transactions systems.
  
  A Government Billing System from Scratch by Card Access
   Services
   Digitalization of the whole country’s payment system.
  
   Corporate-level Talent Management IT System in 6.5 Months
   Enterprise-level HR management system.
  
   Electricity North West UK significantly reduced revenue losses
   impacted by metal theft incidents and flooding
   Dynamic risk management through numerous data sources and
   business processes.
  
   TAB Bank gains internal process excellence to reduce costs
   while expanding the business
   Complex automation systems for a bank from the USA.
  
   3-Fold Revenue Growth of a Debt Recovery Agency
   Business process automation providing competitive
   differentiation.
  
   IT Consultores modernizes operational banking system and
   reporting software platform
   Modernization of operational banking system for the South
   American markets, grow of market share and Design Talent Awards
   with Jmix.
  
