   IT Consultores modernizes operational banking system and
   reporting software platform
     * Easier improved user experience
     * Growing market share
     * Award in the Service Design category at the Design Talent
       Awards

The Story of IT Consultores

   IT Consultores is a leading software provider to the banking
   industry in Paraguay, supplying the majority of the country’s
   banks, founded in 2003. They help banks to add value and use
   the transforming power of technology and its ability to
   generate a real impact on their clients' business.

The Challenge of Modernization IT Consultores Faced

   The company’s legacy technology had become outdated. But they
   faced with a problem of the lack of developers on the South
   American market. In need of modernization stakeholders began
   researching modern technology frameworks and applications for
   their next product release. As their business grew, they needed
   a simple way to increase speed of development.

Why IT Consultores Chose Jmix

   Research led the company to approach Jmix regarding its Jmix
   platform, a framework for rapid enterprise development. Jmix
   hasn't limitations that have low code platforms but also allows
   it to speed up app development. In Jmix you pay for developer
   seats, not for user fees, and this has a huge benefit for
   business with a lot of customers such as banks.

   By rebuilding the core system’s architecture and UI using Jmix,
   the new solution could be scaled easily and customized to
   support individual client requirements, while decreasing speed
   and cost of development significantly.

   So, IT Consultores has chosen Jmix for app modernization.

How Jmix responded

   The project team at IT Consultores worked in partnership with
   Jmix’s custom solutions team to migrate the company’s existing
   banking software solutions to Jmix.

   The new solution, “Finera”, is designed to fulfil the
   operational needs of the banking sector through a more
   intuitive and user-friendly solution. We have replaced
   complicated screens displaying lots of data with workflows
   which guide users through processes to reduce the risks of
   human error.

   All core functionality of an operational banking system such as
   account management, configuration of transactions, etc.

   Customer 360 — Client information presented in a single view
   with easy-to-use navigation and configurable elements to tailor
   displays to individual user needs.

   Credit management and control — fully automated credit process
   including incoming loan applications processing, loans issuing,
   interest calculation and loans closure.

   Following the successful rebuild of Finera, IT Consultores
   continued to work with Jmix to develop an additional product
   for the banking industry, a reporting software platform called
   ‘Kadiko’. This solution pulls data from various IT systems in
   use to produce business intelligence reports. One example is
   Kadiko’s liquidity report which can be shared directly with the
   Central Bank of Paraguay to support credit applications; the
   applicant is sent updates such as further information required
   or the credit request has been approved/denied. Staff have
   access to a dashboard which shows updates and any reports which
   require further action and as a result, Kadiko significantly
   reduces the time spent on admin-heavy processes and report
   writing.

Result

   IT Consultores has launched two products in partnership with
   Jmix which are market-leading in South and Latin America,
   strengthening the company’s reputation as a technology leader.

   The company has benefitted from working in partnership with
   Jmix’s custom solutions team. Internal IT staff (who have
   knowledge of the business, client needs and the local market)
   have been able to scale up development by leaning on Jmix’s
   resources who have specialist knowledge of Jmix and therefore
   the entire system rebuild has been expedited.

   Since launching Finera, IT Consultores has onboarded new
   finance companies in Paraguay and more recently, won an award
   in the Service Design category at the Design Talent Awards in
   recognition of its new solutions.
   
   Customer Stories
   Utilities
   
   Varasset Migrates from Legacy to Modern Open-source Stack in 8
   Months
   A configurable software solution for the power and
   communications industries.
   Learn more
   Professional Services
   
   Innovative Disaster Management by Consorzio Metis
   A solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing the
   damage control.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   Ingenico connects Jira with the legacy project management
   system by the Pipe in 3 months
   A comprehensive task management environment for a global leader
   in secure electronic transactions systems.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   A Government Billing System from Scratch by Card Access
   Services
   Digitalization of the whole country’s payment system.
   Learn more
   Professional Services
   
   Corporate-level Talent Management IT System in 6.5 Months
   Enterprise-level HR management system.
   Learn more
   Utilities
   
   Electricity North West UK significantly reduced revenue losses
   impacted by metal theft incidents and flooding
   Dynamic risk management through numerous data sources and
   business processes.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   TAB Bank gains internal process excellence to reduce costs
   while expanding the business
   Complex automation systems for a bank from the USA.
   Learn more
   Professional Services

   3-Fold Revenue Growth of a Debt Recovery Agency
   Business process automation providing competitive
   differentiation.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   IT Consultores modernizes operational banking system and
   reporting software platform
   Modernization of operational banking system for the South
   American markets, grow of market share and Design Talent Awards
   with Jmix.
   Learn more
   
