   Electricity North West UK significantly reduced revenue losses
   impacted by metal theft incidents and flooding
     * Significantly reduced metal theft incidents
     * Minimized impacts of unforeseen flood risks
     * Enabled the company to meet the industry regulatory
       standards

The Story

   Electricity North West (ENW) delivers electricity to 5 million
   people in 2.4 million properties throughout the North West of
   the UK. It is responsible for the maintenance of assets which
   includes over 44 500 substations in 12 500 km2. In 2012, the
   company identified the increasing frequency of metal theft as a
   contributory factor to the decrease in operating profits from
   £210m in 2010-11 to £189m in 2011-12. There are a couple of
   reasons behind the metal theft incident: the cost of
   replacement and repairing the damage, service disruption,
   customer reimbursement. The Energy Networks Association in 2010
   provided an estimation of an average direct value cost per
   metal theft incident of £2,750. Assessing the risk of
   electricity network damage and estimating the impact on
   financial results and customer service, the company decided to
   find a solution to monitor the status of assets.

The Challenge

   The civil asset management of thousands of substations is a
   formidable challenge, with additional key risks such as
   flooding, asset deterioration and degradation, vandalism. There
   are also other financial incentives for distributors to
   maximize the effectiveness of risk management of their asset
   base. As the industry regulator, the Office of Gas and
   Electricity Markets (Ofgem) provides Quality of Service
   Guaranteed Standards, which every distribution company must
   meet. These standards are set to guarantee the level of service
   to customers. Failures to meet the necessary service levels of
   supply result in payments to customers for the loss of supply.
   The solution should enable distribution companies to: meet the
   requirements of the Electricity, Safety, Quality and Continuity
   Regulations 2002; maintain the network, identify and prevent
   service halt threats; enable the classification of risk in a
   system of record. The company researched the market and found
   Stonehaven Technology`s team with the strong ability to
   integrate and analyze a range of data sources concerning risks
   to the network.

Solution

   Stonehaven Technology recognized that the problem experienced
   by ENW was common in the utility industry and that there was
   much valuable academic research that could be exploited and
   incorporated in a solution. The team decided to implement the
   CUBA Platform (now Jmix) as the core technology to build the
   solution around existing ENW business processes and utilize the
   existing data sets. Development started in September 2014. In 6
   months, the first release of Guardian went live. ENW
   departments were impressed by the system capabilities and
   decided to enrich the project specification with new features.
   On later stages in 2016, the Guardian provided the following
   key features:
     * The automated reporting of incidents, enhancements
       conducted and abstractions across the network asset base.
     * Integration of a range of open data covering Crime,
       Socio-Demographics, Scrapyard Licenses, London Spot Metal
       Exchange price of copper, Hospital Locations, Post Code,
       Flood Warnings and Meteorology.
     * Sophisticated geospatial analytical tools, including
       functionality to designate time-dependent areas of dynamic
       risk.
     * Configurable Dashboard, Reports and Charts.
     * An adaptable algorithm for the calculation of risk, with
       results updated at least once every 24 hours.
     * Full-text search and configurable filters.

   The Guardian performs the daily assessment of the electricity
   network assets` risks and prioritizes activities to be
   undertaken across the network to mitigate the risk efficiently.

   Resources:

   1. P8, Electricity North West. (2012). Annual Report and
   Consolidated Financial Statements for the year ended 31 March
   2012. Warrington, UK.

   2. The industry body for UK wires and pipes companies that
   carry electricity and gas to UK homes and businesses.

Result

   The Guardian system, powered by the platform technology,
   enabled the ENW revenue protection department to get a
   comprehensive, algorithmically derived understanding of risk at
   each location and the integrated business processes to manage
   the risk mitigation. Since installation, incidents of metal
   theft have significantly reduced, detailed and timely flood
   warnings can now be issued, spending on the type and location
   of enhancements can be recorded and analyzed. The success of
   Guardian was recognized as a finalist in the 2015 Energy
   Innovation Centre Awards.

   Customer Stories
   Utilities

  Varasset Migrates from Legacy to Modern Open-source Stack in 8
   Months
   A configurable software solution for the power and
   communications industries.
   Learn more
   Professional Services
   
   Innovative Disaster Management by Consorzio Metis
   A solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing the
   damage control.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   Ingenico connects Jira with the legacy project management
   system by the Pipe in 3 months
   A comprehensive task management environment for a global leader
   in secure electronic transactions systems.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   A Government Billing System from Scratch by Card Access
   Services
   Digitalization of the whole country’s payment system.
   Learn more
   Professional Services
   
   Corporate-level Talent Management IT System in 6.5 Months
   Enterprise-level HR management system.
   Learn more
   Utilities
   
   Electricity North West UK significantly reduced revenue losses
   impacted by metal theft incidents and flooding
   Dynamic risk management through numerous data sources and
   business processes.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   TAB Bank gains internal process excellence to reduce costs
   while expanding the business
   Complex automation systems for a bank from the USA.
   Learn more
   Professional Services
   
   3-Fold Revenue Growth of a Debt Recovery Agency
   Business process automation providing competitive
   differentiation.
   Learn more
   BFSI
   
   IT Consultores modernizes operational banking system and
   reporting software platform
   Modernization of operational banking system for the South
   American markets, grow of market share and Design Talent Awards
   with Jmix.
   Learn more
   
