   3-Fold Revenue Growth of a Debt Recovery Agency
     * Revenue grew from £5 million to £15 million in a few years
     * 22% collections increase with 12% costs reduction
     * Complaints reduced by 22%

The Story

   CDER Group is one of the leading debt collection and
   enforcement agencies in the UK. The company was founded in 2004
   and by 2010 its turnover exceeded £5 million. However, further
   growth of the company was limited due to its legacy IT
   infrastructure. CDER Group used an industry-standard debt
   enforcement solution, based on aging technology that required
   high levels of manual intervention and did not provide
   sufficient transparency to support the company’s needs.

   In particular, it was almost impossible to understand what was
   happening "in the field" in terms of agent activity,
   scheduling, records of collections and financial arrangements
   with debtors. Despite CDER having a long list of potential
   improvements to the technology, because the platform was also
   used by multiple other bailiff companies, any enhancements that
   CDER suggested would be shared with their rivals, rather than
   driving their own competitive advantage.

   CDER concluded that only a custom-built system would enable
   them to invest in a technology platform that would create
   business value and bring growth through delivering both
   efficiency and competitive advantage.

   Haulmont business analysts conducted a complete analysis of the
   current business processes to draft a specification for the new
   system, to be known as "Hito Edge", with development start in
   July 2010. The first release of Hito Edge was launched in March
   2011. In 2016, just five years after the Edge launch,
   Outsourcing Inc purchased CDER Group in a deal that valued the
   company at £24 million.

How This Was Achieved

   Hito Edge was implemented via parallel running alongside the
   legacy system to minimize risk for critical business processes.

   Hito Edge utilizes a propensity-driven scoring system, as well
   as a highly advanced dynamic allocation engine that plans agent
   schedules and automatically prioritizes next day planning
   against real-time events. All payments, fees, commissions,
   remittance and invoicing are managed with Hito Edge, and the
   agents' smartphone app enables full transparency of workflows
   and compliance with regulations and contractual SLAs.

   It is no exaggeration to say that Hito Edge revolutionized the
   debt enforcement industry with its unique customer-centric view
   of cases and their associated data. By focusing on the
   individual, the platform enables the linking of cases relating
   to the same customer. This ensures a more efficient process for
   making calls and visits, and provides users with a clearer view
   of the relationships between cases and customers – as well as
   specific data relating to individuals.

   CDER were able to leverage their investment into Hito Edge to
   increase the valuation of their operation far above the
   industry norms, both in terms of the solution being a unique
   asset to the business, and also due to its unmatched ability to
   scale for future business growth.

   Today CDER Group revenues are reported at £15 million per year,
   three times larger than when the project began. Over the same
   period that they scaled by 300%, CDER report that complaints
   have reduced by 22%.

   In the two years following go-live, the company experienced a
   22% increase in collections for its clients at the same time
   delivering a 12% reduction in direct costs due to utilizing
   office and field-based staff more intelligently and improving
   automation.
   Customer Stories
   Utilities


   Varasset Migrates from Legacy to Modern Open-source Stack in 8
   Months
   A configurable software solution for the power and
   communications industries.
   Learn more
   Professional Services

   Innovative Disaster Management by Consorzio Metis
   A solution for monitoring natural disasters and managing the
   damage control.
   Learn more
   BFSI

   Ingenico connects Jira with the legacy project management
   system by the Pipe in 3 months
   A comprehensive task management environment for a global leader
   in secure electronic transactions systems.

   A Government Billing System from Scratch by Card Access
   Services
   Digitalization of the whole country’s payment system.

   Corporate-level Talent Management IT System in 6.5 Months
   Enterprise-level HR management system.

   Electricity North West UK significantly reduced revenue losses
   impacted by metal theft incidents and flooding
   Dynamic risk management through numerous data sources and
   business processes.

   TAB Bank gains internal process excellence to reduce costs
   while expanding the business
   Complex automation systems for a bank from the USA.

   3-Fold Revenue Growth of a Debt Recovery Agency
   Business process automation providing competitive
   differentiation.

   IT Consultores modernizes operational banking system and
   reporting software platform
   Modernization of operational banking system for the South
   American markets, grow of market share and Design Talent Awards
   with Jmix.
   
